Hi, so I just wanted to show you a quick way for how i usually rig quadruped front legs and hopefully this will help. So the way that you've got it currently set up is something like This where we have got the clavicle as kind of The top node or the top joint I should say So what I will actually usually do is I'll un-parent this and I have a secondary chain that goes, let's see from there up to there And we can just get rid of that. so there are two separate joint chains here and i will have one chain there thats just the 2 bone 3 joint uh...and then 1 from here to their And then again from here, if I can select this guy to here. and then I'll just create a simple control and I'm doing this really sloppy you'd wanna do this better than what I'm doing but I will show generally What it is that i do So these This guy would live It basically be parented under there or parent constraint of that And then this control would, there'd be a point constraint on that bone. So you get this basic behavior and then this one would also have the point constraints on that chain so then it moves like this and then these would live under This You get this behavior and this is typically how I set it up There are definitely other ways of doing this This is just what I, I have something like this. Another solution that you could do and it's actually the way I usually do the hind legs Is Like This Where You've Got Your Four Joints And then Down there The Problem with using a spring solver to solve These four joints Is That The Spring solver Just doesn't Give Uh The type Of results I avoid the spring solver almost always. And what you can do here is, You could actually set up a secondary chain and I'll set it up kind of temporarily like this and the key to this setup Is that This joint Or sorry The length of this bone needs To be same as this one Here So what i can do is grab this one Grab its length paste it in there, and then this one here needs to be the same length as this combined with this. So the length of those two together so To get that we'll just grab That Paste it in here And then This one We will Added In Then you can snap it into place One trick for this is you actually use an IK handle You could also use an IK Handle delete the IK handle and then you can just freeze the rotations on that joint chain. So, once you have that set up You Can Have One IK Handle There one from here down to here And 1 Here Down To Here Last This Joint Down To There so let's grab this control use it again there is another one there and we'll put a second one up here So these guys can both live under here, or I guess I will point constrain them. Then this one here we'll be... This is actually oh come back to that one so these guys down here We'll just follow this guy and then what you want for this one Is You actually need a at least the way I do it I have another joint chain That'll start down here And come back up And with this one, like I'll isolate it. You do another IK handle and the idea here is that this reverse joint will... Let's see, It will live to I don't know if matters exactly where it lives but iIll just parented underneath The control and then the IK handle Will be We'll live under this This control Lets'see Oh! I grabbed both IK handles So sorry Underneath there are Two IK handles one for this chain and one for this chain. So, this IK handle should actually be constrained to the top, to this top joint here And the reason for that so i'll just constrain it is when you pull This It comes down The secondary joint chain doesn't get pulled down If if this IK handle were parented under under this control, it would get pulled in. And you can see how that causes the ankle to slide through the floor. So parenting it under this guy You get a nice rotation around The ball of foot here so It just helps keep your foot planted basically That's the whole point of that and let's see I've been doing This really sloppy There we go Then this guy can live Under here Oh and then actually I'm sorry, one last thing. This guy if it's got some type of a zero group above that zero group can be constrained to this bone so if I take this bone and constrain the group that this controls under then you get really nice compression and predictable results for this type set up So hopefully that helps with what you're trying to do. And you could use this for the front leg, I usually don't. I usually do this one. Oops sorry, this setup and then I used this for the hindleg seems to make more sense or a hind legs Then basically this joint it's still there but it doesn't go into the skin cluster only these joints would be and then the secondary joint here, that would also not go into this skin cluster. Just these guys. Anyway hopefully That helps if you have any questions just let me know If there was anything that wasn't very clear in Here i know I went kind of fast Let me know